[Docs] Add section about where to store sessions (#17220)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/26_Best_Practice/25_Where_To_Store_Sessions.md

# Where To Store Sessions

Pimcore uses the Symfony session component to handle sessions. By default, Symfony stores sessions in the filesystem.
This is fine for most applications, but it can be a performance bottleneck for high-traffic sites.

To avoid blocking requests, you can store sessions in a database or a cache.

> We strongly recommend using a cache like Redis to store sessions.

Reviewer: Redis is not a “cache”. It is a key–value database ;)

Reviewer: Also, maybe you should add a warning that it can lead to race-conditions if you do that (because it's non-blocking).

> We strongly recommend using a solution like Redis to store sessions.

Author: ```suggestion
To prevent request blocking, consider storing sessions in a database or a cache. Be careful to select a solution that suits your requirements, as using alternatives like Redis may introduce race conditions or other issues.
```

> To avoid blocking requests, you can store sessions in a database or a cache.
> To prevent request blocking, consider storing sessions in a database or a cache. Be careful to select a solution that suits your requirements, as using alternatives like Redis may introduce race conditions or other issues.

Author: ```suggestion
To prevent request blocking, consider storing sessions in a database or a cache. Be careful to select a solution that suits your requirements, as using alternatives like Redis may introduce race conditions or other issues.
```
